Am
I audible?
>> Yes.
>> Okay. But yeah, so happy Valentine's
Day. I hope your Valentine is not an
agent. AI agent.
Not until now.
Who knows?
So the way that things are progressing
every other day. So
no longer that would be a fantasy.
Okay.
So, what better it will be
when you have an agent who listens to
you
most importantly.
Anyway,
so what was the last notebook that we
were doing? Last project
I think we had already uh finished the
customer support.
That one was done, right?
No one remembers.
Interesting.
>> We were at uh reflective
selfcorrection code generation agent.
>> All right. Reflect and generate reflect.
That is probably the lab five.
Yeah.
Okay.
Is my screen visible?
>> Okay. So now it should be visible.
>> So this is the one that we were doing,
right?
Uh,
okay.
Fine. So let me give a high level idea
uh what we are going to do in this. Uh
now this will be like a
again uh if I go back to the agentic
design pattern. There was one design
pattern called as reflective uh design
pattern in which you have backtoback two
agents. One agent does something and the
other agent uh verifies.
Okay,
that work. So let's say in this case uh
it is like a code generation. Okay, so
we'll have a advanced version of this as
well. Okay, where we'll be building u
several agents like a planner agent,
reflector agent, replplanner agent and
so on. Okay, so we'll come to that but
let's go step by step. Fine. So this
agent will take uh the user request to
generate some code. Okay, that code will
be structured in a proper uh you know
format. And to structure that proper
format as usual, I'll be using
the uh piantic schema or type dict okay
we'll use some schema. Okay. So this is
the schema that will uh ask the code
generator agent to you know adhere it to
in which there will be prefix like this
code is meant for so and so whatever is
that non-code component that is the
prefix the explanation in introductory
text and everything. So that is in the
prefix. Uh normally any uh code will
have the import functions. Okay, import
or from
something import. So all those import
statements will be separately
present and the actual uh code component
of the final code. Okay. So this is just
like uh you know you can say
documentation about what that code does.
Import section will help us to identify
what all packages are needed to run that
code. Okay. So from here and u this is
the actual executable part anyway. So
this guy called as reflect okay that
will
look into the imports and first try to
run the imports one by one okay if any
of the imports are failing then uh maybe
could be multiple reasons
whether that package is not installed
that could be one reason another reason
could be mismatch in the packages
usually okay so if the import statement
works then usually the functionality is
sorted
Okay.
So this reflect uh agent will actually
work uh to first check each and every
import statement works and if any of
these are failing it will give you uh
error message. that error message is
actually given back to the generator
that so and so error has come or so and
so import has failed. Uh reook into the
code generate the updated code this and
that.
So once iteratively all the import
statements are working then the control
goes to the code. Then line by line the
code will be executed. Okay, not line by
line but the entire code block and if
there are any suggestions for
improvement or if the code is not
working maybe because of syntax errors,
logical errors any of those. So that
feedback is again given back to the
generate code. So this feedback
iteration will be tracked by this
counter. Okay, so this counter will be
present where in your state schema.
Okay, agent state. So let's say the K
value is three. So we will attempt these
cycle three times at max. Okay. So that
is what we can do. You can make it four,
five, whatever number. Okay.
And all the uh code solution and uh
error code. So these are also updated in
the agent state. Fine. So this guy reads
from the agent state. This guy is not
directly getting the output from the
reflect code. This is just updating
everything in the agent state. Okay. And
this is reading from the agent state and
checking that if the attempt count
exceeds the number of uh you know
attempts allowed that is n. Okay. Then
it will simply exit with whatever the
final I mean the last solution was okay
including the error message. This is
what best I could do. Okay. Although
there are some errors kind of thing. But
if there are no errors and uh if the
attempt solution is attempt count is
less than n then or less than or equal
to n in that case then this generate
code will finally get the feedback that
okay I have been able to generate
whatever the required code is
successfully without errors and that
code will be given back to the user. So
that's how the entire loop works. So
I've already given all this explanation
here. I have replaced the GPT4 with GPT
5 mini. That is the one which we will be
using. But if you want you can use GPT4
mini also. That's also a good.
So we'll be importing the variables.
So I would not want you to
type the openi key. This is the best
way.
And as a production grade example of
this uh project, I think I remember I
had shown my AWS uh
um
MCP server or uh AWS project. Anyone
remembers? Did I show that?
So in which I was giving national
language queries
no
one remembers
no MCP. No. uh a project in which I had
uh uh implemented that along with the
user interface.
I was giving natural language queries to
my AWS account and uh a code gets
generated which
gets executed and based on that boto3
code execution I was able to fetch
my AWS account related information
something.
>> Yes. Yeah,
>> no UI. Uh, how is that possible? UI was
also there.
So, okay, let's finish with this and
then maybe we'll go back and I'll try to
show you uh what I have done. Maybe uh
we'll spend maybe 5 10 minutes into the
architecture and how the other things
were implemented like PIA reduction and
those things. Although that entire
project was uh 90% white coded okay uh
I'm considering to you know upload that
entire project in GitHub okay so
along with uh explanations so
maybe it might take time another week or
so but I'm considering to upload so that
that is I made two three versions in
fact of that project so two versions
have been deployed for external one for
myself the version which I'll be
uploading will be you know a version a
fully functional one okay uh where I
have no conflict of interest kind of
thing okay
so there is a comment nowadays most of
the developers are using cursor or some
other tool for code generation that is a
standard right where else can we use
this reflect pattern code. Uh I think in
uh there was one notebook in which I had
given a few examples for each of these
agentic patterns. So you can just check
that.
So reflect pattern again suppose you
want to do some copyrightiting writing
and copyrightiting back back to back. So
there also you can uh do. So for
example, there is a topic on which you
have written
or some AI agent has written. Now
another agent which will act as a
copyriter expert will verify uh
grammatically
you know everything conceptually,
technically. So there can be two to
three copyriter agents. One for
you know grammar, structure and writing
style. Okay. adapted to your writing
style. The other agent is looking into
the technical aspects of it. I can also
provide a third agent which makes sure
that all the data is numerically correct
up to date. Okay. So that third agent
will have access to a web search tool.
Okay. So internally it will try to
generate claims from my article or blog.
Okay. Wherever there are numbers, where
where there are figures. Okay. because I
want to actually make my article also
factually correct. So I've divided the
tasks. Now I'm just giving you a highle
idea. So you can take this as a you know
uh project post today's session.
So one agent will write down the blog
article based on the user topic and
three different reflector agents working
in parallel. So how to do that parallel
agent that is the next project I will
show you how to create parallel agents
or agents which work parallelly. Now
these two agents are working uh back to
back. In our case these agents are
working back to back. First this then
this and then back to back. So how do
you make these agents work parallelly?
So that is what also we will see after
this current example. Okay. So as I just
mentioned I can have uh three agents.
one which will do the copyrightiting.
Make sure that the blog
looks like a human written um now if you
just search Google you will get lot of
you know instructions how to make AI
content
humanlike. Okay. So you can download
some of those instructions and feed it
to this agent. Also if you have some uh
previous articles which you have written
manually maybe couple of years ago. So
from there you can create your own
writing style. Okay. Go to chart GPT
upload those uh articles or whatever
literature that you have created. Ask
Chad GPT to uh give a complete uh you
know DNA analysis of your writing style
as a markdown file. Okay. So Ch will do
a complete DNA analysis of your writing
style. Give it as a markdown file. Now
that markdown file will be given to the
copyriter. Okay. and make sure that the
blog is adhering to that. Okay. So those
things another one as I said technical
concepts and the third one is checking
for the factual correctness recency of
the uh you know use cases maybe or model
names it might be referring to old model
names like 3.5 GPD 3.5 or GPD 40 mini
but now everyone is working with GPT 5,
5.2 into 5 mini and so on or J mini old
models are there 1 1.5 so because these
agents I mean these models okay let's
say if I'm using GPT40 mini now this was
trained in 2023 this GPT40 was trained
in 2023 this has no idea about any of
the later models okay so if this guy
generates a code for a LLM that LLM
being used will be naturally a old
generation model right so how do I make
sure that I'm my code makes use of the
newer generation modules so that can be
done so that is one use case another use
case I can tell you is like let's say
when I'm creating these kind of
tutorials okay u so there is one agent
which generates these end to end
tutorials these figures can be added
later but think about this entire
notebook being generated by one agent
okay the other agent will now again uh
check whether whe all the codes are
running properly, whether the codes are
properly documented. Uh those
instructions you can have. Okay.
So one for checking the documentation
and the comments one one agent again
could run in parallel or you can combine
them as you wish that all the codes are
running properly and again
recency of the API is being used. For
example, um if you're using a older
generation model in the generate code
component, okay, it might refer to again
models like JPT 40 mini which are again
older generation not agentic in nature.
So the JPT 40 they are not agentic uh
friendly models. I would say agentic
friendly models are GPT 5 series. They
are meant for agentic tasks. Okay. So
the third agent uh can check for these
uh kind of things also. Okay. So
backto-back refinement and after two to
three refinements you get a updated code
with a updated models uh you know
updated documentation everything
properly structured then it goes to a
copyriter which will do the section
numbering title this and that. Okay.
Like the the there are no sections but
you can also do the section numbering if
you want. Okay. So let's say you want
the section numbering also you can put
those in the instructions that okay take
this notebook as the input and do this
section numbering uh make sure that it
is adhering to so and so guidelines
there is a proper introduction there is
a in conclusion this and that if any of
these components are missing put it
there.
So lot of you know use cases are there.
Uh you can
reflect. Yeah. So this is the one which
we are doing. Okay. So
this is the one which we are doing
reflective self- collecting code agent.
And I think towards the end I have given
some other examples also. So two more
examples I have given.
So one is uh GitHub copilot workspace. A
developer can give copilot a high level
task. For example, add a new API
endpoint for user profile. Copilot will
generate the plan and initial code and
then attempt to run uh the build and
tests. If the test fail, it reads the
log. So this can be done. Again, this is
mostly what is happening in your cursor
ID. Ultimately, they have built these
agents. Okay, which is actually doing
the same thing. So one agent will write
another agent will verify and then code
iteration starts on its own. So what you
get at the end is a verified code. Okay.
Mostly so you you don't have to manually
verify. I mean if you had initially
started using cursor exactly the same
time last year when the first version of
the cursor ID was launched that was very
buggy. I mean very naive things but then
they later on went on kept on refining
their agents. So this is actually being
used
Uh there is another agent uh sorry use
case here uh automated data quality
assurance agent. So agent is asked with
writing a script to clean a data set
generates the script and runs it on a
sample data and then checks for the
output for anomalies for example null
values incorrect data type. If it finds
these issues it reflects on the problem
and it writes the script to handle those
edge cases. Perfect. Okay. So you see
the agent two agents one is writing the
code other is checking for anomalies if
there are any unhandled edge cases okay
it will give back uh
that feedback to the generator code uh
sorry the generator agent which will add
those additional code for handling let's
say those edge cases maybe missing
values outliers okay anomalies in some
patterns and so on
fine so after This what we'll be doing
is the parallel execution the fan out
pattern which is our lab number six and
seven.
Okay.
Okay. So here it goes GP4 mini. I'll
just change it to GPT 5 and close the
bracket here. Right. will no longer use
the GPT4 mini going forward.
Okay. So what is this doing? You have
the code generation system prompt. Uh so
this is your system role. You are a
coding assistant. Ensure that uh your
code you provide will be executed with
all the required imports and variables
defined. Make sure the 3 has some code
to run. So this is how you have to
structure your codes. There has to be a
prefix describing what solution you have
implemented. Uh put all your imports
here. And if there are no inputs needed,
keep it as an empty string. But there
has to be a import section. And then
finally some code block functionality
has to be there. And here is the user
question. After that the user question
will be appended.
So this is the system prompt. I'll add
this system prompt with the user
and then the schema. That's what I told
you. So these three things that you are
expecting the generator code will adhere
to some schema. So let me define that
schema here.
So there will be a prefix section, there
will be import section and there will be
the actual code section. So this is
already explained
and now you are forcing the LLM to
generate the code exactly in that
structured format.
Okay.
And you can see the data type. It's a
reable sequence that can be instantiated
directly. Yeah.
Fine. So this is a code generator. Now
code to find the factor of a given
number. I mean you can just change this
as per your wish. So can I get some
requirement? I've just deleted that.
Let's see if that works.
So
questions from your side. Let's see if
your code.
No one wants to generate any code.
I'm not able to see any response
is asking codebased model that is your
schema
that is not the agent state yet
that is the schema in which your code
generator will give the output so this
is the schema for code solutions so the
agent state will have the name as agent
state so don't worry so you should
always you
write down the variable names
exactly what they mean. So agent state
will be called as agent state or state
at least. Okay. So this is the uh schema
that we want the LLM to adhere. Now
which LLM the LLM part of the generator
agent. So this is the LLM that will be
you know bound to the generator. Clear?
uh pashant I just posted one let's see
if that possible
create opportunity record and if stage
is missing I have no idea what that
means can
>> we have something which is easy for
everyone to comprehend. I mean you can
try that at your end and let me know if
that works. But
>> that's my sales for everyone to
comprehend so that you know becomes
easy. anyone else otherwise I'll take uh
because since no one else is responding
>> this is my Salesforce world uh actually
like so
>> but again uh send email to executive
this this is what uh workflow kind of a
thing
and you're looking for Python code
>> yeah
it it create opportunity and then it
like if the stage is missing on that
opportunity throw the error and once the
stage move to stage 10 then it send out
the email.
>> The problem is with this how does it uh
verify whether the code is working
because then it will also have to
generate some dummy data to
>> uh validate that workflow.
>> Sure I think then yeah then second one
>> sentiment analysis for a given text and
send an email to manager. Okay. Now
again sending email. How do you verify?
So at max what it can generate is uh a
code which uses the SMTP library. SMTP
uh that is a uh go to library for
creating emails. But let's try this.
Let's try this. Okay. What we get?
So you have to give.
So code Python code. Let's write it
down. Specifically Python code to do
sentiment analyzer for uh given text
and send an email to manager. Okay,
let's let's
run this.
It should be able to generate something.
Now whether that works or not, we'll
see.
So this is the code which uh finds the
factorial of a given number which I
generated.
in the previous
there is okay okay okay no no worries um
I'll print that code part so this is the
code part
this is the code part that we have got
and show the ver lexicon is available
otherwise I'll have to download the ver
lexicon quite mode so there is one
function which does the sentiment
analysis okay uh it's a class okay and
then compose compose email that's
another function send email via SMTP I
told you it will be needing SMTP library
and then uh this is the final function
which will combine all the above three
functions and there is a main function
also right okay so some manager
example.com replace with your manager's
email and uh SMTP
so only thing is checking this will work
or not will need actual email actual uh
thing. Okay.
So, let's do one thing. Let's do one
thing. I'll just copy the cell output.
Okay. And I'll just paste it here so
that manually I can check if there is
any error in the code. Okay. So, this
was the whole code. I'm just manually
checking if there is any NLT is not
defined. Okay. I'll have to first import
the import statements. Okay. So, let's
see.
So these are the import statements. I'm
just manually checking first. Okay. And
then
we'll automate that process also.
I'm just manually checking if that code
works.
Okay. So Mary has another
example. Okay, this looks
okay. Positive, negative. Now what these
numbers are, I'll have to see. Okay,
three digits. 3D is your three digits.
0.969,
0.192,
0.0 0 negative 0.8 neutral. So mostly
that statement is neutral. It seems
it got confused and this is the compound
of all the three. Maybe some percentages
are there.
It has figured out. Looks that it is
working. Let's take another example.
You see we have been able to get it. So
indeed this plan is working.
Let's take the other example.
So for multi-line make sure that you are
using three double code start three
double code end.
Receive promoters 9 to 10.
Okay, I think the formatting is correct.
NPS psy net promoter score and see if
that
let's say I've just slightly formatted
it to make it a bit more sensible.
Okay.
So see I have my system prompt plus the
messages. Okay. That's what I told you.
We'll combine the two and then invoke.
Okay. So some code has got generated.
Let's see the code. So this is the
complete code part. NPS code. There is a
function and what else? There is an
example usage also. Fine. Uh there are
any imports. There are no imports
needed. I mean you can actually
now see if that works. So copy the cell
output paste it here and let's see if
that works. NPS is zero in which case
now you'll have to test for some of the
example scores are there. compute score
function.
So
some invalid examples, invalid counts,
valid responses. A so total response
provided is 15 out of that 11 was valid,
four was in invalid.
Okay.
Yeah. So basically they give response
like a none. So it does the uh
validation also, right? The score has to
be numbers. Okay. So that validation is
already there. So those are ignored I
guess.
Yeah. And then promoters are four,
passives are three and detractors are
four. So this is the overall score. And
so it goes to zero. So let me just
change some of these numbers. Okay. So
8 976. Let me make this also as 8
and then this as nine
a so there are already 9 10 11 so let's
make this as four
now let's see what happens
so rounded nps iss 18 in this case so
promoters are 45 passives are 27
detractors are looks that it is working
okay now you'll have to find out whether
this is correct business-wise,
implementation is correct business-wise
that I cannot validate. Okay. So, but it
has given a code which is working in the
very first shot.
Fine.
Okay. So now uh what I'm going to create
is the agent state schema. So this is
our actual agent state. Okay. in which
we'll have the error flag. Uh the
messages. Now this will be in the
reducer add messages reducer. So all the
messages will get added up. Okay. So
these messages will come mostly from
your uh customer plus the reflector.
Reflector will keep on adding messages
into this. Okay. And the code solution
will be replaced every time um the new
solution is available and number of it
atoms will be incremented. So that will
also be stored here. Okay.
So this is the node function for the uh
generator. Okay. So this is reading the
messages from the agent state. Number of
attempts that has been done from the
agent state. Initially that will be zero
and now the code solution is created
here and now we will record the chains
answer into a new assistant. So
basically what I have done is I have
dumped the entire prefix plus the import
plus the code. So all three things I
have added to the
I have added to the messages. So that
entire solution with the prefix imports
and the code all three are added back to
back. This is like concatenation only
ultimately. Okay. So I've created a
single string. This is creating a single
string ultimately. Uh that becomes a new
message and that single string gets uh
flagged along with the assistant. So
basically uh I'm adding messages as a
tpple that whose message that is okay is
it the user's message or the assistant's
message. So this is the assistant
message. this entire thing that gets
added to the messages and now I'm
incrementing finally this function will
update the incremented attempt the code
solution okay uh entirely
and the messages. So this looks good.
Now the checking part of the code okay
now you can uh use the exact function.
So basically your uh reflector is using
the exact function that is to execute
some Python code present as a string. So
I'm just having a Python code
in the string format. Can you see this
is the Python code in the string format.
Typically your LM will also return the
code in the string format. The good
thing is I can execute the code okay by
using that exact function. if the entire
code is in the form of a string. Okay,
so you can just change these numbers
maybe 35 and just verify that yes that
works. So this could be any Python code.
Okay, I've just taken a dummy code here
just to show you that what the exact
function actually does. Okay, so if
there is any syntax error, so for
example, if I say 15 A, there will be a
syntax error. Okay, so
so you'll get some error. No doubt
exactly at that syntax error. That's
what I told you. Right. So that's a
syntax error. So the entire Python code
is a string and you are executing that
string. Right? Now this is the node
function for your reflector. Okay. Which
is going to check. So first it reads
what all has happened. Uh it is reading
the entire code solution and then
separating the import and the code part
separately. Okay. Because this code
solution has three parts I told you,
right? It has the prefix, it has the
imports, it has the code. So I'm
interested in the import and the codes
and also reading how many items have
happened.
So first the import statements will be
executed. That's what I told you right
back to back. I'm going to execute the
import statements. If any of these
import statements are failing, then
obviously there will be an exception.
I'm grabbing that exception and giving
it back to the generator. Okay, please
fix this import section. I'm appending
that as a user message and then
returning same thing. So once this
entire try block executes without any
error means all the import statements
are running without any error. Then we
will start running the actual code. So
scope contains your variables. Okay,
because this is like a sandbox that you
are creating. Okay, so this scope
contains the names of those variables.
Okay,
so after importing all the sorry after
executing all the import statements and
the code, okay, where are you going to
execute all of these within that scope?
Okay, so it's not going to mess up with
your Jupyter note, I mean this collab
notebooks variables. a new scope gets
created behind the scenes. Okay, a new
scope means a new global name space gets
created. So this Jupyter notebook
already uh has a nameace. We don't want
to use that name space. I want this code
to have its own nameace and that is what
the name of the scope is.
So if there is any error in any of these
uh import statements will not have error
but the code will have the error and I'm
concatenating both the import and the
code errors sorry codes by giving an
empty line. So first the all the import
statements there will be a empty line
and then all the codes right. So that
entire block along with the import empty
line and the code that is now getting
executed
and every time it gets executed with a
fresh name space so that it starts from
scratch. It's not reusing a previously
created variable. Okay. So that's why
this was initially empty and now
obviously it will use that.
So if there is any error uh I'll grab
that error ask this to reflect on this
and try to solve and please return me
the full solution after resolving that
error and that's the message which I'll
append it to the agent state. Now if
there are no errors then obviously the
final solution will also get
the final solution will also get
updated. Okay.
Okay. Now this is a conditional routing.
This happens
okay uh when
two conditions are met. Okay. When the
number of atoms have exceeded three
or in the any one of the three attempts
if the code solution works completely.
So that is what you are saying here.
Okay. So if there is any error then go
back and regenerate the code. That's
what you are doing. If there are no
errors
or if the attempts have exceeded
then the decision is to finish I mean go
to end directly I mean do no longer do
the iteration it's very simple here from
here itself you can read so you need two
information one if there is an error
then this flag will have that this is
like a boolean
okay
right Yes or no? It will have that
error. Yes or no.
And uh here you are updating that.
Now you can have it as a boolean also.
True false. It depends how you are
updating. In this case I'm updating it
as a string. Okay. If you want you can
update it as a boolean also. I mean this
error flag could be a boolean actually
true and false. Okay. Right now it is
true and false in a string format kind
of thing. So that is what you are
checking whether there is no error or
the number of atoms is greater than or
equal to the number of atoms allowed.
Now this is a constant. So if you go to
PEP 8 style guidelines all the constants
must be in caps. Okay. So this is the
style guideline. Pep 8 style guideline
for Python. So all the constants are
usually
in caps. So that you can
see naming conventions
and constants.
Constants. Okay, constants are usually
on a module level written in all caps
with underscore separating them.
Correct? So your code usually has to
adhere these guidelines. Right? Fine. So
that is why the max attempt is in all
caps. So let's now let's build the
graph. So importing the empty graph
adding two nodes and attaching the
function for those two nodes. Entry
point is your generate code. So your
user query will directly go to the
generate code. From the generate code,
the control goes to the check code. So
generate code is your generator. Check
code is your reflector. And from the
check code what will happen is decided
by your function. Okay, your router
function. So you are creating an
conditional edge from this is your from
and this is two. Sorry will be one of
these. This is from one of these two
okay will be decided by your function
here. Now whether it goes to end or it
goes to generate code back. Okay. So
let's create this and uh let me
perfect.
Okay. Now from generate it goes to check
that is a sure shot. I mean that that is
deterministic. Okay. But from check code
it whether it will go to generate code
or not. So can you see this is dotted
which means this is conditional. So if
the check code is giving any error then
only it will go back to the generate
code. If there is no error then it will
go to re end. So these two are
conditional
uh uh you know executions and that
condition is checked by this checkboard.
So let's run this. So this entire uh
langraph agent that we have created
coder agent is now wrapped into this
function. That's again a usual practice
I've been doing. Okay, I'm just wrapping
that agent along with the prompt and
verbose. So I can create whether I want
the you know output of each and every
step that is what the verbose controls.
Okay.
So and this is again for printing each
of the events in the in case when
verbose is true. Okay. And in any case
I'm also going to print the final
solution whether verbose is true or
false uh I'll still print the final
solution.
Okay. Okay. So write some code to
demonstrate how to do a pivot table in
pandas using some hypothetical back
testing results data. Okay. Uh okay I'll
just
fine now earlier that code was written
by GPT 40 mini. Now this is going to be
GPT 5 mini. Let's see what happens. Now
these are very straightforward tasks. So
I don't think it will produce any error
or so. But uh let's see
question in the chat if the execution
happens in scope name space but if there
is any error then the error also should
be handled in the scope main python or
what exist so error is not handled error
is captured and the same error message
is given to the generator code that's it
okay no one is trying to resolve that
error
only the LLM will get the feedback about
what error came in which line. Okay,
because usually the trace back will have
all that information that is called as
trace back. Right? So the trace back
will have all the information that
entire trace back is given to the
generator code for seeing what is the
change and then it will consider that
trace back. See it is as good as what
you are doing. you get an error you copy
paste it to charge GPT and ask for a
solution. Same thing is handled by this
agent back to back.
So instead of me copy pasting the code
to charge JP, it is internally doing the
same thing. Clear?
Okay. So here is my solution attempt. Uh
this builds on a small hypothetical
sales data frame to demonstrate the
several use cases of pivot table. Okay.
Good. So some original data frame is
there. Uh you can also copy this cell
output. And so this is the final
solution that it has given.
And why did it go to the final solution?
Because there was no error.
That is why directly it came as final
solution. If there was any error then
let's see
running the agent in syntax.
Okay. Okay.
Yeah, it looks that it has worked. That
is the entire solution which I pasted.
So original data frame sum sales by
region and product multiple aggregations
sales with totals number of rows and
then more aggregation. So that works.
Yeah.
So write some code to scrape data from
any Wikipedia page. Okay. So let's see
if that code works.
Okay. So this also it seems that
it worked in one attempt.
Find a solution here. It went and worked
in one attempt.
No errors found. Correct.
So that worked in
the signal attempt
fine. So we'll do one more thing.
Okay.
So this is the third attempt I'm doing
for sentiment analysis using
transformers.
So let's see what it does
also.
Okay,
let's see what happens.
So this is your user query. So here
um
again there was no error. So in all the
three cases it has been able to do
without any errors in the first attempt.
Now this is a stress test. Okay.
So, the prompt is this.
This is the prompt.
Okay.
And now
I want to call this
agent.
Now let's see whether it is able to
create that entire project.
Okay,
it seems it worked. No errors
also which is strange without error is
finished.
I was expecting that at least API and
those things will
get
okay. So here is my code solution item.
Python codes intelligent router agent
that analyzes
okay
then let's see the solution what it has
done aa so it has created the vector
store
for embeddings and everything and
retrieval also nice
so open AI key it is able to probably
fetch the open AI key from my
environment variable itself this is
Nice.
Yeah. So probably that is the reason it
worked. And u
this is for generating the embeddings.
This is chat call wrapper
for getting this.
Okay.
bill, billing, charge, invoice, error,
bug, fail, acha. So, this is like doing
the categorization.
Okay. Uh using manual rules. It's not
using an LLM, right? And again, the
sentiment analysis is also being used by
some manual rules.
A that is in the else condition. Yes. In
the if condition, if there is open AI
key available, then directly use the
open AI. Make sense?
Now generate a rag augmented response
and then escalation
to a human and then router
finally this is route y category same
thing and build sample uh knowledge base
correct sample knowledge base has been
created we also use that JSON file right
example run that demonstrates the
system.
Yeah, it seems to be correct. Actually,
only
red flag that I found was it's not using
typical langraph agents.
Okay,
because in the import statement there is
no langraph. So, this has been
completely created without any agent.
It is possible because the workflow is
more or less clear. So in this case it
was possible to create it without the
line graph also
but yeah you can see this is pretty
good. Okay
use case
lang graph
uh
project let me retry it. Okay.
Use
the
paint in this
project.
with
proper state
management
and conversational
memory.
Oh, now let's see what happens. This
additional line will force it to use
line graph now. Okay.
So this is the updated lab link. You can
have it.
Okay. Okay. Now it looks much more
comprehensive.
This is strange again. Nangra
and it has finished without
conversation state memories there. Okay,
it is creating the conversation memory
as a class
data class lm wrapper.
So is it not able to understand lang
graph? What is that langraph thing?
That is strange
again. Knowledge space has been created.
Lang graph agent. It says lang graph
agent but not using langraph
browser agent again
any any reason that you can think of why
is it doing this way
or maybe I have provided too much
information
so it thinks I can do it without
the agent So
langraph like agentic rag system. So it
has created a aentic rack which is
langraph like but still not using
langraph.
Okay.
So but again I think uh let's go ahead
and you can experiment with this
notebook. Okay. So quite good
right
this.
Okay. Any questions
before moving on to the next design
pattern and the use case?
Okay. So, we can take a small break
right now or we can take one more small
notebook and take a break. That is also
possible.
H. So maybe we can specify langraph
workflow instead of just lang graph.
Yeah, that's why probably it is trying
to replicate line graph thing but not
exactly
doing that right
Okay, so here is the link for the next
lab.
So par execution steps
Yes. So, everyone has opened that
Okay, I started with the installations.
Okay. So this is the one which I have
shared.
So what we are going to learn in this
how to run uh nodes in parallel. So till
now we have been running nodes in
sequence either iterative or
straightforward as a workflow. But now
we want to do parallel execution. So in
this notebook we'll do a deterministic
parallel execution. What it means is
there will be
two things which are fixed. Number one
uh two things which will be fixed and
that is
fixed number of
branches.
Let's say the branch one branch two and
fixed number of
steps
in these branches.
So that is what
in the next notebook we will see how can
we create variable number of branches
and that variable is decided in runtime.
by the LLM. So LLM decides how many
parallel branches will be created. So
right now we will have these fixed
branches. Okay. And the number of steps
again uh that will be mostly decided by
the steps that will be followed in that
branch. Okay. But uh you'll have to
understand that this is what the current
notebook is doing. We'll have two
clearly outlined
branches that we are going to run. Okay.
What it means is let's say this takes 10
seconds and this takes 20 seconds.
So control will so once both of them or
the output of both of them have reached
then only this guy will execute. So this
is going to wait
until
the output from
all the branch nodes or rather the
branches are received.
So this is going to wait 20 seconds.
Remember that. Okay. And only this will
execute when all the results from both
the branches are available in the agent
state. Okay. So there could be one of
the branch which can act as a
bottleneck. So that you have to uh you
know consider while doing the
architecture and the design. Okay. Is
there any node which is causing
unnecessary delay or something like
that. But remember that the next step of
the workflow will only execute when all
the branches have merged. And this
merging will happen only when the output
from this and the output from this are
both available.
Okay. So there could be difference in
the execution times of each of these
branches. Remember that because they are
going to be run in two parallel threads.
Think it that way. So this is called as
fan out fan mechanism. Fan out means
branching and merging is called as fan
in.
So I've done the installations. Uh here
I'm going to use the Wikipedia tool and
te. So Wikipedia tool for searching and
te again for web searching. So two
things I'm going to use. So let's take a
simple example of a linear workflow.
Okay. I don't need to explain this
directly. Let's see the graph and that
will be clear. Okay. I just created four
nodes back to back and just join them.
Nothing more. Okay. This code should be
quite self
illustrative, right? So I build those
nodes and I am just building the edges
connecting them together back to back
point. There's the agent state which is
very plain and simple. Um
and this is your return node value.
Basically uh what we are saying is when
you execute any of these nodes then
this is like a dummy function. This is
like a dummy function for that
particular node execution. Okay. So this
is the function which will get called
okay when this is executed.
So normally what we do is we attach a
node function here. I'm not creating
four different node functions. I'm just
creating a single node function and
attaching it to the four nodes A, B, C
and D. So what will get updated in the
agent state is this step A, step B, step
C, step D. So this is the string which
will get updated in the agent state.
That's it. So no fancy stuff back to
back. This is a linear agent. Okay. And
uh if you see here
since I've not used a
I'm using annotated list operator dot
add. Okay. So I'm not using a reducer
like add messages something like that.
Since I'm not using a reducer what it
does is there will be a overwriting. So
I'll show you.
So you see initially started with empty
state then it
uh you can say
uh this step a gets added and then this
step a along with step b. So this is
getting replaced the original list of
the messages is getting replaced with
this new list. You can see these each of
these steps. So I think there is a add
operator dot add. Yeah. Yeah. So because
of this I think yes it is getting added.
Yeah. And the final step has all the
four states. So fine that is
clear. So each of the nodes executes and
after each of the node which is executed
this is the string which gets added to
the agent state which is what you can
clearly see one by one.
Uh now fan in fan out uh how to do that?
So first you need to design in this case
you'll create four nodes again as usual
there is no change only change that will
be when you are connecting these. So
you'll have to add a edge not a
conditional edge you'll have to add a
normal edge from A to B and A to C.
Okay. Earlier there were edges from A to
B, B to C, C to D, D to N. Okay. Now we
are what we are saying is there will be
edge from A to B, A to C. Then there
will be another edge from B to D, C to D
and then D to end. So how many edges we
will have? Start to A. Number one.
Number two A to B. Number three A to C.
Number four uh B to D. Number five C to
D. And number six uh D to B. So there
will be six edges.
And these are the six edges.
Start to A, A to B, A to C, then B to D,
C to D. That is a fan out
part. You can see this is a fan out
part.
Yeah. And this is a fan in part where
the merging is happening. Okay. Fan out,
fan in.
So both are merging. And then this is
day is ending ending the workflow and
then you are compiling. So again no big
deal.
And let's execute that.
So step A and you see B and C get
simultaneously executed when the control
goes to D.
and the control goes to D. By the time B
and C have simultaneously got updated or
they have updated before the control
goes to D. Once D executes they will add
that okay I am also done.
Let me repeat this part. When the
control goes to D by that time both B
and C are done.
Okay they are not being added one by one
as in the previous case B and C were
added. So first B was added then C was
added. Now B and C get simultaneously
added here in the same step. That means
both were executed in the same step. By
the time the control goes to D, once D
is finishing, they will add that. Okay,
I'm also done.
Okay.
So now there is another example when the
left branch has got one step, the right
branch will have two steps. So what are
the nodes you will need? A B C X D. So
five nodes you will create and edges are
simple. So start to A, A to C, C to D,
then A to B, B to X, X to D and then X2,
sorry, D to N. The same thing, whatever
you see is what you will be doing.
Exactly. Okay. So,
so when you execute this time, what will
happen is this D will wait until both
the branches are done. Okay. So after A,
you will see C Bx simultaneously. Okay?
You see A and then B C you see B and C
are getting executed uh or you know
initialized simultaneously and by the
time it goes to D you'll also have the
response from X. Okay, that's what I
said. So by the time it goes to D you
will also have the response from X and
then finally X D will update.
Okay. Now let's make it to a real world
use. Okay. So let's say for a any given
query I want to do a parallel search,
web search and a Wikipedia search. I'll
retract the content from both and then
generate a more comprehensive answer.
Make sense?
So here I'm using GPT5 mini model again.
Uh temperature may not work. So
just get rid of that.
H
so this is my aent state question answer
and the context simple okay
um
so here I'm uh importing my Wikipedia
and TV
this is a function which will do the web
search uh using the tile this we have
already explained And whatever the
search results are. Okay. So three
search results they will be concatenated
one below the other by using empty lines
and uh space
sorry uh dot or dash three dash. Okay.
This is a function to search Wikipedia.
How many documents to load? So top two
documents for any Wikipedia query. So
two documents from Wikipedia and three
web searches. Okay. And then finally
I'll concatenate all that information.
So you get the context. So this is also
going to update the context. Can you see
both of them are going to update the
context.
Formatted search docs. Formatted search
docs. So both of them are taking your
agent state. Okay. And both are updating
the context. Here I am retrieving the
context. Okay. And since both of them
are ret you know updating the context
you have operator do add. If you see
yeah so operator do add so context is
not getting overritten they will get
appended as a list. So in one list
you'll have documents from here and the
second component in the list will be
documents from here. A single list will
have two entries. One set of entries
coming from here and one set of entries
coming from here.
Okay. So that becomes my complete
context to answer the question. question
is also getting updated in the uh agent
state.
Finally, uh this is your answer
template. Answer the following question
using this context. Very very basic
prompt. You can make it polished. How
long you want the response to be? What
tone, how much technical depth you want
in that. So all those things you can add
it in your template here. Okay. So
template dot format question. So there
are two variables in this question and
this uh you know prompt template you can
say that you have created and that
prompt template is now going to your
system message and human message. So
basically this becomes your system
message this part and then goes to your
human message this part. So I'm just
concatenating system message and the
human message. Okay. And invoking the
LLM call. Uh and then finally whatever
the answer I'm getting from the LLM is
being updated here.
in the agent state.
So this is the agent uh state that sorry
yeah graph that I'm building here. So
same thing I'm adding a node search web
adding a node Wikipedia adding a node
generate answer. So three different
nodes added and these are the respective
node functions and then you are just
connecting them.
So will the final join node wait? Yes,
that is taken care of by the framework.
Okay, so this will not execute unless
I've got the search results and
Wikipedia results both. Okay, the
control will not allow to execute this
node. Okay, so I don't have to write
down any additional function for that.
Okay, that is taken care of.
So I've got the graph uh or the agent
you can say. This is my agent
ultimately. Now I can invoke with a
question. So if you want to do it this
way or you can create uh if you go back
I have been creating a wrapper function
every time uh like
so where is my previous project
number five so normally I create a
wrapper function for that reason it
becomes easy for calling okay so just
where is the wrapper function
yeah so this is like a wrapper function
you can implement Okay, all you have to
do is you just copy this wrapper
function into your project number six
and uh your graph is the agent
ultimately with this question.
Okay. So result let's see.
So it is generating the final answer. It
has got both the results. Now table
results.
Okay. So we'll have to update the code
later.
We should be using pip install line
chain tavly
and then use tavly from tavly search.
Okay.
So try doing this later but at least for
now it works. So I've got the final
answer that is not printed but I can
pull the final answer from the agent
state. Yeah. So from the agent state
this is the final answer that I have
got. question was tell me about NVD and
its growth. Yeah. So this is what I have
put.
So in principle this works. Uh we can
take a small break. Okay. And uh then we
can continue to the next notebook where
we'll convert this into a fully
functional project. Okay. And uh another
thing that we'll learn is uh send.
basically we will be able to create
parallel branches
non-deterministically I mean the
llm will decide how many branches to get
created so right now I had hardcoded
these branches clear that was the main
takeaway I had hardcoded these branches
now in the next notebook number seven
okay this llm will decide how many
branches will be created and for that we
use the send function so that is the new
thing that we are going to learn and uh
end to end actual project. Okay. So
I'll just share the
notebook anyway. So in the meantime you
can also keep your installations ready.
We'll go for a small break.
Okay. So I will also run these two
cells.
So what if the middle node error out uh
it will end actually I mean the entire
graph will break if there is any error
the entire graph will break.
So Pan graph by itself it will break
because my worry is like it should not
go to the infinite loop and it cost the
LLM.
>> No no no it would not because we are not
looping it back. So automatically there
is no way it can loop back.
>> Okay. So
>> got it.
>> Or maybe I would suggest we already have
the node functions. So try to make some
uh you know syntax errors in those node
functions and see what happens.
>> You mean uh kind of catch the exception
and break it from there, right? Uh end
it kind of.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Okay. Okay.
Okay, back.
Okay. So what I had done here uh in the
break is uh I purposefully added a
code which I know will give an error.
Okay. Obviously.
Okay. So this was not there originally
and then
building the graph did not throw an
error but when the code is executed you
can see
so it's not going to go in an infinite
loop your question I think maj See?
Yes.
Fine. So once I have commented it, my
code will work again.
Yeah.
Okay. Next one.
So I had already given a high level idea
what we are going to do. Okay.
So here we'll be using a concept similar
to map reduce. So these are uh essential
for efficient task decomposition and
parallel processing. So mapping is to
break down a task into smaller subtasks.
Okay. And processing each of the subtask
in parallel. So that is the concept
behind map
and reduce means once all these subtasks
are executed in parallel you'll get some
results from each of these subtask. So
you want to aggregate all those results
of all the completed parallelized
subtask. So that part is called as
reduce. So map means you break down a
complex task into smaller ones and start
executing those smaller tasks in
parallel. Okay. And then finally
aggregate all the results. So that is
the map reduce concept we'll be
implementing in this project.
So it's like a project only ultimately.
Uh so here we'll design a system that
will do two things. Uh it will first
create a set of questions about a topic
and then answer each of those questions
in parallel and the answers of all those
questions will be compiled together
as a comprehensive report which will be
generated
based on those question answers on that
topic and this will be generated by the
LLM. Okay. So this is the overall flow.
So user will ask a question let's say
what is the impact of uh AI agents in uh
job market I mean that kind of a thing
okay or impact of AI agents in
healthcare domain
now this will generate a few questions
okay and each of those answers will be
searched okay
so right now I think it is not being
searched it is being generated okay but
you can also enable this to be a uh
using a tavly. Okay, I think we are
using tavly. Yeah. Yeah, sorry. So, we
are using tavly. So, indeed each of
these answers will be searched from web
and then uh answer will be generated.
All the three generated answers are
given back to a compiled uh compiler
kind of a thing. This is a reducer. This
is a reducer agent. Okay. So this is
your mapper agent which will uh create
the subtasks and assign and this is your
reducer agent which will aggregate all
those smaller answers and finally create
a bigger proper complete response.
So the new thing that we are going to
learn is uh how many parallel execution
steps are going to happen. We will not
be hard coding it. Okay. So that will be
decided by your mapper. Okay. that LLM
which we are going to use.
Okay. So here are the agent state
schemas that we have. Uh one question
for the sorry one state for the
questions list of questions. It will
maintain a list of questions. This will
have the question answer mapping. Okay.
Then this is going to have the entire
report and this is the overall state.
Okay. where the user requested topic is
there, list of questions are there,
answers list is there. Okay, now all the
answers list will get added because of
the operator dot add and then finally a
report would be generated. Okay, so that
report will also be added to the agent
state. So later on we can fetch the
entire report from this agent overall
agent state. Okay. So this is basically
another learning that we are getting
that not necessarily your entire project
may have a single agent state. Okay. You
can have multiple agent states for
multiple sub aents and so on. Okay.
Now we are going to use the send
function. So that does the dynamic task
distribution and also when we do not
have a fake number of uh
branches or what you call as edges. So
it creates automatically and
parallelizes like a router agent. Only
difference from the router agent is
router agent will typically execute one
of the several branches but the send
function will execute all the parallel
branches.
Okay.
So this is what we are importing from
langraph.constance import send
uh JP5 mini again we are using you can
get rid of the temperature if you want
and then this is a node function which
will be used to generate the questions.
So sometimes it might generate five
questions, sometimes it might just
generate four questions, three questions
which will be based on the complexity of
the topic and that also you can mention
it in the prompt here. So generate a
list of concise sub questions related to
the overall topic which would help build
a good report. So follow these rules. Do
not create very long questions. Number
of questions should be always three for
simple topics and for more complex
topics you can like impact of outlook or
these are more like subjective in nature
for that you can have five questions or
you can improve this as well. Okay. This
is just one of the illustrative prompts
that I have. Okay. And the variable in
this is your topic. So that goes to the
prompt template which goes to the
structured uh output. So here this is
going to create questions. So you have
to map it to the pyantic schema. Here
I'm using is this. Okay. So the base
model is again coming from pyantic. So
this is mapped to a pyic schema which
will generate a list of questions as the
output. Fine. So next this is going to
generate answers to those questions.
Okay.
So and it will map to your answers
schema. Okay.
So generate the answers about this
question. So this will be you know uh
called back to back sorry in parallel
and then finally note to continue to the
answers. Okay. So this is this is the
one which does the parallel execution.
Okay. So this generate answer multiple
copies of this generate answer will be
created. That's the point here. Okay. So
multiple copies of this function will be
executed in sub parallel threads. So if
there are five questions, so five copies
of this function will execute in five
different threads. And who makes sure
the send function?
Okay. So here which function to
parallelize? Okay. And you are mapping
the questions to each of these
nodes. Okay. Five nodes let's say. So
each question is mapped to one of the
node.
Okay. For question in states. So if the
number of questions here is three then
three times this will be copied and you
are just mapping. So here you are
mapping the question with the answer
generator and how many such question
answer generators will be created based
on how many questions are present in the
list of questions.
Finally this is for compilation. So once
you have all the answers from all these
parallel branches okay you are just
joining all of them okay so once you
have joined the question and answers
that becomes our complete context now
this is the final prompt to
so below are a bunch of question and
answers so about the topic so this is
the user generated topic and then a
detailed report for this topic basically
that is the context Okay, so this will
be going to a prompt template and from
there it goes to the structured output
for the report and then you are invoking
with that prompt template. Finally, the
report will be updated in your agent
state.
Yeah, I was also wondering this is
already agent types. Okay, let's do that
change here. Uh, today only I was making
those changes.
Fine.
So, this is gone. Now, let's build the
agent graph.
Okay. Compile it and print. Okay. So,
genet questions. Can you see this dot
here? Dot means
how it does not go to a single node. It
will create parallel copies of those
nodes. So if I want to draw this, this
is how it will look. Okay. So from
start,
it goes to generate questions.
Okay. And let's say three questions are
generated. So three branches will be
there.
Oh,
Okay, sorry I'm back.
So what I was saying is okay. So this
generate questions node
is going to
create let's say three questions
assuming. So this generate answer this
generate answer
and then generate answer. So this node
gets copied
three times.
Okay.
And for each of them
the
reducer is your compile report
and then it goes to the end. So this is
how the entire workflow is
right now. Okay. If you want to use any
or an agent builder kit, this is how you
would actually be doing. Now only
problem is your agent builder kit will
not allow you to create these many nodes
in real time. So
how many times this could be three this
could be five this so that is why those
kind of workflow automations
work for more you know deterministic
cases but for these kind of cases where
you want much more flexibility you have
to you know go back to a programmatic
library like these where you can solve
all of these kind of edge cases and
exotic conditions. I hope this is clear
everyone.
What is going to happen in this?
Any questions?
Okay. So now I'm going to test my agent.
Okay. The topic is artificial
intelligence or uh so in this case I'm
expecting three questions. That's a very
straightforward.
So I'm just checking if compile report
is already present then it will just
fetch the So this is the list of
questions. What is artificial
intelligence and the main types and what
is AI's major application in industry
impact and what is AI's main risk
ethical issues and governance options.
So three questions and uh these are the
three answers which have got generated
1, two and three. Okay. So question
answer mapping is there and now the
compilation part is happening.
Okay,
super. So you see this is the compiled
report finally.
Okay, sector specific impacts three
major applications. So if you ask what
is AI, it will not give you this level
of clarity. I mean you can just go ahead
and ask chart GPT directly. It will not
give you this level of answer. No way.
Nowhere close. Okay, go to chart GPT.
Even if you are using the best GPT 5.2
thinking model and ask what is
artificial intelligence
see what is the kind of output you get.
Okay. So it will give you what technical
detail it is but not the impact on the
industry which is what we are mostly
looking for. So it is giving all the
terms types of AI by capability and a
simple example.
You can also try it. I mean there is
nothing hidden hidden in this but this
is also giving you by capability by
functional architecture by technical
approach it is there you you can see
very well but major applications
nowhere I can see any application
yeah sorry these are applications yes I
can see some applications are there uh
sector specific and then cross cutting
economic other things ethical there is
nothing nothing on the governance
and uh options So those things are
completely missing and the risks
implementation priorities trade-off I
mean this is quite good already right
impact and applications of AI in
healthcare domain now this is again
going to be a more exhaustive one so at
least I'm expecting five questions
so what is the primary AI application
how does AI affect diagnosis treatment
planning and decision making what
evidence exist on AI's impact on patient
outcomes and healthcare cost what
ethical legal and data privacy
challenges arise with AI what barriers
so these are five questions let me
use the same in the chat GPT and even if
I enable the web search which was
probably not there
uh web search yeah so now I'm enabling
the web search let's see what I
The best 5.2 model is 20 times costlier
than the model that we are currently
using. Okay.
So what is behind making the prompt
better answer than chat? See it is not
only the prompt, it is the architecture
of the implementation. Okay. So you are
getting five different questions, five
different answers and now you have to
combine all of that. So five these these
five questions or three questions are
providing you three completely different
perspectives.
Okay, which are not
duplicated I would say. Now the
generated answer already will take each
of these perspectives. That is why your
generated answer is much more uh
inclusive, much more comprehensive,
right? Such a thing is not being done
here.
Addition of te makes even more up to
date. Yes, te is being used as a web
search. So that's what we did in the
start, right? So each of these answers
are actually done by a tely web search.
So here indeed we are getting see the
moment I enable the web search I'm able
to get quite a good response here well
we can compare so AI used in healthcare
screening medical imaging diagnostics
clinical decision support systems and uh
EHR electronic health reports
patient engagement and front door triage
and uh operations management drug so
almost six and then evidence what is the
impact So key risks very good. So
already now let's see what our response
is.
Okay this is the response that we are
getting now impact and applications of
this executive summary
uh primary AI applications in the
healthcare. Okay,
I've got all the applications back to
back again the same diagnostics, great
drug discovery, robotic everything. How
the effects in diagnosis, treatment
planning, clinical observation,
benefits, risk and limitations.
Okay. And then practical takeaways,
legal and regulatory issues, privacy,
security, governance, those kind of
things are not discussed in this
barriers to large scale adoption, future
directions, recommendations for the
stakeholders, developers, vendors. See
all these things are completely missing.
Okay, these are these all perspectives
are missing because it is purely
focusing on what the user's intent was.
Okay,
impact and application. So that is where
so you can get a much more enriched
report in such cases right again there
is one more impact of AI on jobs in
uh SAS domain. Let's
say
uh industry
let's see
how it happens
or we can AI agents
let's use this way
is our compile report node calls lm for
summarization of all the yes so all The
five answers are generated individually
that also you can recover because agent
state already has it. Right now I'm
recovering the compile report from the
agent state but technically your agent
st agent state has everything. Maybe
I'll show you uh the individual answers
also
but answers are there. You can see
individual answers are there. So
question and answers are there.
So if you pull up this this has the
question and the answers or if you want
you can have the list of answers
directly. So questions list answer. So
maybe we can just check the overall
state
and see.
Okay. So this is the final report that I
have got. Okay. For the SAS
uh okay AI agents will materially
reshape in the next decade. Near-term
one to three I will see rapid
augmentation via co-pilots embedded
assistance medium-term multi-step task
cross system orchestration and 7 plus
years highly autonomous agents will be
there
and uh which SAS job roles are being
most vulnerable which are customer
support based no doubt okay sales
developments basic content marketing
production manual QA data entry atl
implementation and onboarding kind of
simple things junior routine software
engineering tasks. So today only I was
discussing about all these things with
one fellow.
Yeah.
So some realistic timelines have been
given but we might even reach these
timelines much much faster given the
rate at which the advancements are
happening. Okay.
Yeah. So
right.
Okay. So
Okay. So you will be able to get the
result of the last. So compile report is
only updating the report part.
Okay. Which is what I'm getting as a
response.
It is only working on the report.
Okay. So,
let's do this.
Extract the answers
from the
over.
This is only giving me the compile.
No, this is not correct.
generate on surf.
Okay,
let's do the other way around.
It's coming from here.
It has only keys doesn't have the
answers.
Maybe
let's ask Germany.
How to
of
agent?
Oh, maybe there is a simpler way. We
haven't yet saved it in the way that it
can be directly exposed. So, answers are
not directly exposed.
Although while the agent is executing,
I'm printing all the question answers.
But uh you can see it is being printed
because of this.
So final state get aa get method I'm
using okay
except and let's run this
topic is quantum computing
it knows some of my favorite topics from
previous executions it seems Germany is
also getting
intelligent
Why is it taking so much time
string agent invoke
and then state
aa so I'm not uh calling it in a
streaming mode which is why this is
going to finish and then only give me
the everything in the previous cases I
was invoking in the streaming mode.
Yeah, agent stream. Which is why I was
getting each and every step one by one.
Now I think I've got the end.
Yes. So you can see your question
answers are there. Total collected
answers is five. This the question
answer question answer question answer.
Okay, perfect. That works. H let me just
see if I can do this in the stream mode.
But usually
I mean
I think this is already good. So we'll
not disturb it unnecessarily. This
already works. Okay. Just refresh your
notebook. this code will get updated.
Okay, so this is the additional code
which I just added nothing else
everything was the same.
So is there a way to find out uh where
the model gets the information and
provide a list of references that is
from the TV again. So if you want to
also print the context for each
okay so then in that case you'll have to
modify the prompt okay so that it also
exposes the references and which is what
I'm doing in the next lab deep structure
this is the one which you are asking for
uh tim okay in this case I'll just show
you the final output and you will be
like oh this is what I wanted Right.
So, so, so, so, so, so you can take any
one of them. I'll just show you detailed
report on how to build agents, this and
that. This is all the complete execution
introduction,
sources,
then this, sources, then this, sources,
then this, sources, then this, sources.
Is that what you want? And then final
conclusion and summary report.
Yeah. So it's already there.
Fine. So let's move on to this one.
Let's finish this. I think we are
already
getting a requirement for this. So that
was anyway the planned next. Okay.
So here uh we have to be careful that
this agent will do a lot of searches and
if you are running this entire notebook
too many times you will easily exhaust
your API limits for te. So you have to
remember that.
Okay.
So te currently we are using is a free
plan.
Okay.
H. Why is this
not working?
This is strange.
Anyone can think of
what is happening here.
So speed is not a problem.
Why is this cutting?
Yeah,
it's not a problem.
Why shaving is not working?
or else I download this notebook and
give it to you.
So this is number eight.
You can upload and
Fine.
So, let me start with the installations
and then in the meantime I'll
continue with the explanations.
Uh I have shared this lab
in the chat. You can download and upload
it in your Google Drive and execute. I
don't know this is giving a trouble
while sharing.
Okay. So you have to remember this.
You can also use uh
brief. So heavy web search versus brave
search.
Let's see.
So there are two options
for the search APIs.
So although we have been using tavi but
you can also check this brave. Brave
also has very good or you know
considerable free tier limits.
So table is a AI agent oriented web
retrieval stack. It's not a SCP search.
So I I think I have already told you
what is a circle tool. So search engine
retrieval page.
So web search and brave web search.
So the form perspective of building LLM
apps and agentic workflows.
So it also does the content extraction
and crawling via single API position
itself as a real-time search extraction,
researching and web crawling.
um independent search index which
endpoints for web, news, images, videos
plus LLM context and answer
summarization options. So that option is
also there with brave.
Okay. So core capabilities and the
difference. So Brave returns well
structured snippets and rich result
object does not focus on pulling the
full page content as a part of the core
search response. Brave explicitly
contrast itself with its services like
tei that pull raw content. Okay. Telei
will search extract the raw content.
Okay. And you can get that entire raw
content also full content without
stitching multiple vendors together.
Fine. So if you need full article
parsing or crawling
uh with first class features as
if you need high quality search engine
result page plus snippets plus media
news endpoints then go for brief. So
maybe for let's say stock markets or
something like that brief might be
better okay because you don't need too
much detailing but you still want to go
with
the latest media reports news and those
things.
Uh yeah and pricing free tier uh we get
1,000 credits per month and then you
have the pay as you go monthly plans.
Brave is also request based. This is
credit based. Okay. So $5 per thousand
request.
I think monthly five monthly credits are
there which means indirectly you get
1,000 requests.
Okay.
Cost intuition brief per request pricing
is very predictable for SER only
workflows. Table cost depends on how
many credits each operation consumes.
Fine.
Okay, you can go through this.
Ah, okay. So now advanced version of the
previous notebook or workflow. Okay. So
I'll submit a topic that will go to the
planner. Okay. and uh that will create a
so of course it direct doesn't jump into
the planner it will go via a prompt
template okay now that report planner is
equipped with a web search tool like in
this case teav
uh so overall objective is deep research
and structured report generation so I
will be asking to generate a structured
report on a specific topic now since it
is a structured report the structure of
the report is set.
So the report will have a introduction
that will have few sections and then it
will have a conclusion. Now how many
sections the planner will decide based
on the topic. There can be three
sections, five sections, eight sections.
Let the planner decide based on the
complexity of the topic and you know the
kind of user has asked. Okay, clear. But
in any case there will be a highle
introduction and a conclusion.
So idea is
that we'll use that planner. Let's say
the planner says uh for this report I'll
go for five sections. All the five
sections should be written in parallel
and that is what this green boxes are.
Okay. Or three sections are being
written. So this green box is where your
section writer agent is. This is a
section writer agent. Okay, which will
run in parallel. So all the three
sections, five sections or whatever be
the number of sections that will be
written in parallel. How? First again
when the topic for that section goes to
the researcher agent. Okay, this will be
equipped with a web search tool. So
before writing down anything, okay, in
fact it's not its job to write down
anything. It will only do a research. So
in the section one let's say some uh
particular subtopic is going to be
discussed. So it will do a web search
for that particular subtopic by
generating another three four sub
questions.
Okay. And all those web search results
will be given to the writer. The writer
will actually write down the sections.
So let me repeat. researcher will get
the subtopic what the report planner has
you know uh identified. Okay, it will
get the subtopic. Now based on that
subtopic it will again do a web search.
So there is one level of web search done
by the report planner to identify the
sections.
For each of the section once again the
researcher will do a web search. Let's
say I am retrieving the five results.
Those five results are given to the
section writer. Section writer will
write down the report and update it in
the agent state. So imagine that this is
my agent state
and so this kind of a agentic uh
workflow will be run in parallel for
each section. So when all the three
sections are written then format section
what is this block going to do? Now this
block will
combine all the sections back to back.
section one, section two, section three.
That is what this guy will do. It will
combine all the three sections, five
sections, whatever be and it will give
to this writer, final section writer.
Now, this guy will write down the
introduction based on the section
contents and also write down the
conclusion based on the section contents
because introduction has to speak what
we are going to talk about in that
article. Conclusion means what we have
talked about already and maybe the next
steps maybe the future outlook. So those
kind of things we normally discuss in
the conclusion. Okay. The potential
applications implications
interpretations
kind of things. Introduction is the
agenda for that particular topic or for
that report sorry.
Right? So the sections have to be
written as per the agenda. So you cannot
write down the introduction and then the
later on sections. Okay. So since the
section contents are available now it's
much easier for the um
LLM to write down the introduction se uh
session. It's just similar to like for a
research paper you write down your
entire research paper and at the end you
write down the abstract and the
conclusion. Same story right
>> now the only thing is the parallel
execution of the following section. What
it means is the introduction section and
the conclusion both these sections will
be written again in parallel. So
individual subsections will be written
in parallel and the final sections which
is introduction and the conclusion will
also be written in parallel. So all of
them will update to the agent state.
From the agent state this node will pull
out all the results and then generate it
in a uh this this is just doing string
concatenation. Nothing else. It is just
concatenating the introduction with the
sections and at the end conclusion. It
is just doing a string concatenation. So
this is a node function and then the
final report will be given to you.
Any questions in the workflow?
So this is all explained here.
Let's
uh there is a question in the chat. How
much usually we consume? I'll talk about
that. So that is based on how many
web pages you want to retrieve from tely
for each web search. Okay. And how many
questions are getting generated. So it's
a multiplier.
Okay. So we are creating all these
states now. Uh this is for the section.
Okay.
Uh so state to keep a track of the
sections.
So I have the section name section. So
this is going to be a pyic schema. This
is not a agent state. Let me tell you
these are all uh see these are the
states. Okay. uh I think it's better to
put them
in a separate code block.
Let's call them as agent states.
Whereas these are pantic schemas
pantic
schemas
for the
lm.
Okay.
So, section writer agent will
use this.
Okay. Let's say it will have the name of
the section description and then what
all research has been done and the final
content that it will write and update it
in this field.
What all sections have
sorry this report has how many sections?
So it will have a list of the section uh
titles. So this is only to have the
section titles. This is again querying.
So basically for writing each section it
will do a query. So this is the schema
that will be used for that. And this is
again a list of web search. So it's like
a individual query and this is a list of
those queries. This is like a individual
section and this is like a list of
sections.
Okay.
So when you are going to actually bind
this with the nodes that will become
more clearer. Okay.
So this
has the report topic basically coming
from the user. Okay. This is the state
input. So this is the input state for
the entire report generation and the
output state. So basically your last
agent uh which is a compile report okay
node that will update the final report
okay and your planner agent will make
use of this.
Now the report state uh again uh what is
the running state of the report? So what
is the overall topic? How many sections
are there? It's uh the list of all the
sections. How many sections have been
completed? So that's what I said. This
keeps a track of the running report
sections from search. So this basically
a string of com any completed sections
from the research to write final
section. So we have uh the writer agents
those green blocks right. So how many of
those are complete
and then the final report. Okay. So one
by one this will get updated. So you can
say this is your final agent actually.
This is our final agent actually. Two
more intermittent agents are being used.
Uh states are being used. Sorry. So this
keeps a track of the section. So this
section is coming from the previous
state here.
uh class sorry. So
yeah so report section and then um
search queries. So all the search query
that we have defined above.
So you see this is like a schema. So how
the sections will be reported and saved
in your state. This is the pyic schema.
Okay. So I'm making use of this pantic
schema section that so that each section
has a proper structure when it is
updated in the agent state. So each
section will have a name, will have a
description, okay, will have a research
component and we'll have the content
path. Okay. So each section which gets
updated in the agent section state will
have that structure. Okay. Again for all
the queries I'm using this pantic schema
okay for the queries and for each query
search I'm using the search query. So
this is for the individual search
queries and then source string is there
report sections and completed
and this is the section output state.
Okay.
So this can be a bit confusing. I would
strongly suggest that I will not invest
too much time in you know uh discussing
these.
uh
what I would suggest is uh you can do
one thing after the session if you find
that this is very confusing okay
that is completely uh you know expected
because as we are moving towards more
advanced cases okay the codes can become
really daunting okay so I was uh in
similar shoes so I can tell you my ex
with my experience okay so that is not
unexpected What I used to normally do is
upload this to charging and ask it to
explain each of these classes why it is
needed where it is being used two
specific questions why it is needed
where it is being used give me a
sequential answer and explain me what is
happening in each so that's your exact
prompt okay it will explain you
everything
right but I have already given a highle
explanation there okay now coming to the
utility functions now okay this will so
for example this uh run search queries
so that will runs asynchronously which
means in parallel okay synchronous means
sequential
so first I'm creating a data class that
will be used to handle the objects
created from the llm responses so search
query and uh there I'm updating the
so this is as a dictionary you can see
okay the query string
Bey search wrapper is going to be used.
Yeah. So async again which means this
function run search queries will be used
in multiple nodes asynchronously.
So this is the function which will be
used in your uh send function that will
be used by your send function.
Right. So the function which is going to
run parallelly in multiple threads make
sure that is the async mode. Okay. So
that each function takes its own time
and the system waits for the execution
end of each of these functions.
So how many number of results? So this
number can be increased or decreased. So
for each query five results will be
retrieved. Okay. include the raw
content. Uh I have made it false. Uh if
you want to make it true, you can do
that. But the number of token consumed
will be a lot. So that is one thing you
have to remember. Okay. So in one case,
people reported it goes to even 200 to
300,000 tokens
in the last batch. Okay, which is why I
made it false. 200 to 300. and their um
they were receiving uh 429 error that is
a rate limit error. They were easily
going with a rate limit error. Reason
for that is again
for most of you people in fact all of
you are having your openi account in the
tier one. I never received that uh
because my account is running in tier
three my organization account is running
in tier five. So I have a much much
higher rate limit. So I never have a
problem running this code at my end but
you guys might have as it was reported
in the some of the guys by previous
batch. Okay. So make sure that the token
usage is so again you can control the
number of tokens by decreasing the
number of results that is one approach
or not using the raw content to generate
the uh section content that can also be
another approach.
Okay. So for each search query again you
are getting the query string and then
you are asking that heavily search.
Okay. Um so number of results advanced
mode include the answer on answer no and
the content so this is the flag
basically which I have made it false
it's the flag
and if there is any exception I am just
going to take care of that as well and
then uh execute all the searches
concurrently so all the five searches
will be made okay
and I'm going to
await until I get all the results. So
this is your async io. So basically this
function search task okay will be run
and all the outputs will be gathered and
saved here in the search docs. Okay. And
here I'm just checking there is a
possibility that one of the searches
might have failed and your search docs
are having some document which is empty.
So if it is not an instance of the
document. So basically if that document
is empty that will be skipped.
Okay. And only the valid results will be
present in this list.
Those results of the valid list.
Sorry, those list of valid results will
be uh you know returned by this function
otherwise this function will give you a
list of empty.
Fine. So this is also done.
Format search query. Now this is to
format the search query and the search
query results ultimately. Okay.
So here I'm using the GPT4. Now you
might need to change this if you are
going to use the GPT5 mini model but for
now let's keep that same. What is the
LLM that I am using? Maybe I have
mentioned that
not yet.
Now here this is needed because of the
tick token. So what I'm trying to do
here is for each of the search results
I'm going to take maximum of 2,000
tokens. So for the token counting so in
this case see this is the very important
keyword here. Okay I might have 10,000
also in that case let's say 10,000
tokens. Listen to me in terms of
calculations. Okay. Okay, just look at
the calculations. So, 2,000 per query.
Let's do that.
H. So, this is 2,00 into five queries.
Okay. Per section.
Let's say multiplied by 3, four, five
sections. Okay. So, this comes out to be
how much? um
plus plus again + 2,000 into 5. So that
is one more let's say for the
planner. This is for the planner and
these are for the section writers
section
because the planner is also going to use
five queries. Okay. So for each of them
I'm assuming that we are going to use
the top 2,000 tokens only. Okay. So how
much is this? So this is ultimately
2,000 into 5 into 5 + 1 is 6. Correct?
So 30 30 into 2 is 60 and that becomes
60,000 tokens easily.
Yeah. So in my previous case I had not
limited this. So this was I think 8,000
and in that case uh 8 into 30 was
240,000.
Okay. And that was exceeding the context
window. So right now this will fit into
the context window. Fit into the
context.
Okay.
So this is per section. Remember that.
Sorry. This is not about the context.
This is also fitting in the um token
per minute. Uh context window is not a
problem.
Sorry, it is also going to be a problem.
Not so this is the second problem. So
one problem is the context window.
Context window
because the section writer
your section writer will take how many
these many tokens for the context window
of the section. But parallelly since all
of these are being done parallelly you
also have to take care of the second
problem and that second problem is your
token per minute and token per day rate
limits.
These are the rate limits. So two things
you need to take care of. One is the
rate limit and one is the context
window. So before we go ahead
let's move on to this page and explore
these two constraints. So go to
platform.openi.com.
It might ask you for login. Just loging
in and go to your settings page. From
there go to your limits page. I think
organization limits page will have
everything and then it will tell you the
usage tier. Okay. So I'm just sharing
this direct link. Just take a minute and
review your own rate limits.
So here are your rate limits.
Okay. So context window that is for the
constraint of a model. Okay. So I think
both of them are there. So model
constraints are there. context window
that is not going to change as per the
tier which model are you using let's say
GPT5 mini model are you are using so
open AI models go to that page
so model context window doesn't change
with accounts so JP5 mini
or for mini we are going to use let's
say I think in this so you can go to
models models for
So this is the GPT4 mini model
that we have been using.
Okay.
And here the context window size is
128,000 tokens. Okay, which can easily
exceed and we are already talking about
50,000 60,000 tokens.
Okay, so the moment you increase that
2,000 to 5,000. So 5,000 into five
queries into five sections parallelly.
So that will easily go for 125,000
tokens and you are going to you know
reach the context window
remember that that's why I limited it to
2,000. So 2,00 into five queries is
10,000 and uh five sections parallelly.
So 2 into 5 is 10 and 10 into 5 is 50.
So 50,000 will be the utilization of the
context window. 50,000 tokens. That is
the calculation simple. So we are well
within the context window of that model.
If you're using GPT 5 mini, this context
window is already 400,000 tokens. So
that is still not a problem. Okay. So
this is much higher for a GPT 5 mini
model. Okay.
But again as I said there are
constraints regarding the so GPT 5 mini
is 4 million tokens per minute. That is
in my account. Okay. Can anyone tell me
what is the uh GPT 40 mini?
I have the 40 mini.
So now those are also getting deprecated
which is why it is not showing the other
models.
Okay. So I would suggest you to use GPT
4.1 mini instead of using 40 mini. Okay.
That's much better. So request per
minute is not exceeding. We are hardly
making how many requests. So five for
sections, one for um
no no not five in fact 10. For each
section we have a researcher and a
writer and then there is a planner. So
planner is making one API call five
sections and five writers. So 5 + 5 is
10. And obviously planner and the
section writers will be back to back. So
but let us assume all of these are
happening in 1 minute only. Okay,
might take time because web search will
also take time, compilation will take
time, then introspection will take time.
Worst case, let's assume that the
planning and the section writing is
happening in the same minute.
Then so planning will take one API call.
Okay, one request that is section
writing five sections. Uh so five uh
researching, five writing. So 5 + 5 is
+ 1 and uh 11 and your uh compilation
and introduction and conclusion sections
being written. So two more. So 11 + 2 is
13. So hardly 13 to 14 API calls you are
making. So number of requests per minute
will never exceed. What will exceed is
the token per day. Uh sorry this will
also not exceed because this is 80
million. So high chances that this will
also not be hit. This is the one which
will be hit most likely. So can anyone
tell me what is the
uh limit that you see in your usage
tier? For me it is 2 million tokens. So
this is the one which will constraint
your
so 4.19 40
mini. Yeah, this is 4 million tokens per
minute
and uh 4.1 is 2 millions that is also
four million tokens and GPT 5 mini
is also four. So all these are 4 million
tokens in my account. This might be
500,000 tokens in the UCS tier one.
500,000 tokens not more than that.
Anyone can confirm
most likely it will be 500,000 tokens.
>> Yeah, Prussan. Mine is free account and
it's 500,000.
>> Correct.
>> That's what I remember. Right. So, it is
500,000 tokens and that is more likely
to be m that's what I told you. Okay.
And we are already counting the token
limits. So, you have to be careful.
Okay. So that was the main reason to
limit it to 2,00 only because if you
don't limit it most likely your
your rate limit will be reached. So
context window might also exceed okay
both. So one or two depends okay on the
query and the topic. So it could also
hit your context window depends on the
model that you have chosen but more
likely instead of the con context window
it will hit your rate limits first.
Okay. So just to be on safe side I have
kept 2,000 which is quite decent. Okay.
2,000 tokens means roughly 1500 words.
1500 words is quite good. Okay. I'm just
taking the first truncation. This is
just going to be truncation. I'll show
you max tokens. Where is this being
used? You can see this is pure
truncation. I'm just taking the first
2,000 tokens.
Okay. And then remaining I'm just
skipping. So may not be a good idea.
Okay. You might make a API call and
summarize that. That can be another
strategy. So which means for each search
result you are making a summarization
okay uh in let's say 500 tokens that
entire web page might contain 50,000
token doesn't matter that 50,000 token
will be summarized in 500 tokens that
could be one more strategy okay so
instead of taking a truncated token as
first 2,000 tokens let me repeat this
part of the statement itself okay can be
replaced by sis You see this raw content
is there. This raw content the problem
is this raw content contains
all the uh 40 50,000 tokens. Okay. So
this raw content can be summarized by an
LLM which is already t is already you
know giving it but if you just don't
want to trust that tly summary you want
to generate on your own that also can be
done. So the truncated tokens can be
replaced with the summarized tokens in
that case. Okay. So let's check this.
H so that is what is happening. And then
encoding is basically getting the token
ids. Encoding means getting the token
ids for which model? GPT4 model. You can
replace this with GPT 5 model. GPT5 mini
model. Whatever model that you want to
use. Let's make it GPT
4.1.
H.
Okay. And then uh
different response format. So sometimes
te gives you list, sometimes it gives
you a dictionary. So that is what I'm
just checking if it is a list or if it
is a dictionary of lists. It could be
list of dictionaries also. So many times
there are uh inconsistencies. It could
be a list of dictionary or dictionary of
list either way. So that's why you have
these two conditions. And if it is not a
list, sorry, if it fails, then no such
results. Fine. Now this is also very
important. Okay. Same or similar content
is being retrieved by many such uh web
searches. So we want to do a
dduplication of the URLs also so that I
keep the unique sources because you are
going to add up all the content from
these sources to the LLM. So you don't
want to keep dumping the same results
every time, right?
So I'll do that dduplication based on
the URL and then uh format the outputs.
So here I'm just going to add up. Can
you see plus equal to plus equal to
means you are just concatenating after
formatting. So first the title will be
there then the URL will be there and
then the most relevant content. Okay. So
this is the content you are getting from
your uh tely search that is the
summarized content but if you also want
the raw content then you can also add it
to your formatted content after
truncation. So here the content is the
summarized result from tei. I've already
mentioned that tei gives you a
summarized uh API call okay that gives
you um content which is already in the
summary.
Okay. But it will also give you option
to have the full content as the raw. So
this is the raw content part and I'm
taking the first 2,000 token from the
raw content plan. Everything added and
that is the formatted text I have.
Now let's check for a query here. Let's
say quantum computing is the topic which
I want to check
and also include the raw content. So
yes, you can see the raw content has lot
of URLs and everything. So I'll just go
for the first first results first result
sorry. So this is the query follow-up
questions are none answer
and then uh there are no images results.
Okay. So these are the results. This is
a list. Okay. So this is the first URL
from where I got and this is the title
of that web page. This is the quantum
sorry content. Now this is the content
which was generated by TV's LLM.
Okay, this is the content which was
generated by the TV LLM. What is the
relevant score with my query? So it's
like 99.8% matching with my query and
then the raw content which is coming. So
once this finishes then the next URL
would be there. then the next URL, next
title, next u content from the table,
the similarity score and then the raw
content and so on. So this way all the
five results are populated.
You can see this. So doc zero is your
first result that you are retriving.
Okay, this is the first result that I
have retrie.
Now we want to see how the formatted
output looks like. So max tokens is 500.
I'm saying
that was a configurable uh parameter. So
earlier I had hardcoded it to be 2,000.
Now that I'm changing it to 500. So
basically what it is doing is again
second level of truncation. So for each
search result I take the first 500
tokens only.
Okay. So now let's see the output. Yeah.
So it is going to print the first 500
tokens from each of those five search
results. So this is how it comes.
Fine.
So this is a report structure uh report
structure uh introduction you have then
the main body sections and then the
conclusion. So here no web search is
needed. No web search is needed. You'll
need the web search for the planning and
you'll use the web search for main body
sections.
So report plan query uh generator. So
you are a technical expert. Now this is
the prompt template which will be used
to plan
the queries for the uh initial
um planner. Okay. So this is the report
topic on which I will be generating that
report that and this is how it is going
to be organized. Your goal is to
generate variable numbers. So that
variable you can specify later on three,
four, five. Okay. Based on the search
queries that will help to gather enough
comprehensive information to create this
entire report. Simple. Okay. So this is
going to be used by your planner agent.
This is for the sections. Okay. So this
is the overall topic. This is the report
organization. This is the search
context. So, so this becomes your
subtopic for that particular section.
Okay. So, based on this search context,
you have to generate a list of five
questions. Okay.
>> Can I ask one quick question?
>> Yeah.
>> So, in the previous screen you are
showing like uh once we got the result
it was having some score right some
score. So that score is coming from
table.
>> Yes.
>> So for a best practice point of view if
we consider that score as a kind of
higher to minimize number of
>> uh input for the LLM we can just uh like
>> that threshold also.
>> Okay. Okay.
>> Yeah you can use that score and you can
have a threshold like 08 or 7. So any
web search result which is at least 80%
re relevant I'll include that otherwise
I'll just exclude or ignore. So you can
use that score and apply a filter also
quickly.
>> Got it. Yeah sure. Thank you.
>> So this is the node function which is
going to generate the report plan. Okay.
Um again number of queries I have
written it to be eight but you can again
change. Okay. So these are the eight
queries to generate the report plan
first. Okay,
see the plan can have three or five
sections still but how many queries to
generate that plan? This is that number.
Okay, I'm just using all the prompt
templates back to back and everything
same just go through this. I mean if I
try to line by line explain this will
take another one hour. So but this is
the overall idea. Uh maybe
so you can convert the search query into
string
objects if there are no documents return
empty generate the sections as per the
pantic schema that we have applied and
now invoke the actual
call. So this is what
now instruction prompt for the section
builder. So this is the
section writer program. Okay. So you are
providing clear instructions how to
write down the structure uh sorry of the
uh sections structure of the sections.
So this is the topic on which you have
to write and then while generating the
number of queries and a sorry this is
for the query generator researcher sorry
this is for the researcher section
researcher. Yeah this is for the section
researcher.
So some uh instructions are there
and uh here we are going to
use this prompt template in this
okay node function. So how many queries
again? So the planner had eight queries
and the section researchers are five. So
this is the number I am specifying. So
the main planner has got eight queries
to plan the sections
and uh each of the section researchers
are using five more queries. Okay.
So note section for the se section
builder. So this is the one which is
going to write down. Okay. For the web
queries
and finally your writer prompt. Okay. So
here you can provide the limit of the
section word limit. How the section has
to be written. What kind of numbering
has to be followed? What is the approach
style? Professional technical uh maybe
audience also you can provide context is
your source material from the uh
researcher and what all quality checks
you want to do. So this is and then a
node function for the section builder
or the writer. Okay, in this case so the
same prompt template I'm using here
invoking with the message and finally
this is for the writer. So this is the
entire node function for the writer. You
can say this is the node function for
the writer. So this is what you have
built now. Okay, let me put all these in
a line graph. So I'm going to have these
two boxes. Okay. So there is a generate
query, search web and the right section.
So three in fact. Okay.
So
this sub node will start
to take the section topic. This will
take the section topic and give it to
the generate queries. Okay. So this is
the one which is going to use the
generate queries. Once the queries are
generated, it will search the web. Once
the search web is done, it will go back
to the right section and after right
section it will go to the end. So end of
your section writing basically. So start
of the section writing, end of the
section writing. I think this is very
clear. If you read it from here, it will
be very clear. I'm I'm just displaying
it again.
So this is the component which I'm going
to multiply three four five times based
on. So this is what is going to be run
five times or eight times depends on the
planner. The planner will decide how
many copies of this will be made for
each section. Okay. So this will be run
for each section.
So you're using that sign function
section builder with web search. Okay.
>> Okay. And now we have the so we are
already time off maybe we can continue
tomorrow. Uh we are already done with
the node functions. Now the last part
remains is how do you format these
sections. So I have already mentioned
that you just concatenate them using
some separator. So this is a separator.
Okay. Concatenate them.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
And then uh this is the final section
writer. So the introduction and the
conclusion. So here also you can put the
word limit the style guidelines are
there numberings if you want writing
approach quality checks those things and
uh that will be fed inside this node. So
let's write down. So this is the node
function which will be used in this
node. Okay.
And yes send function to parallelize
that node function two times one for
introduction and one for conclusion. So
that is where again you are going to use
the send function. Right?
Compilation. So this is again a simple
Python function where you are going to
pull everything from your report state
and just concatenated. That's it. This
is purely concatenation.
Okay, nothing else. I mean you are just
pulling out for different sections a for
loop because you don't know how many
sections are there. So for that you need
a for loop and then you are just
replacing the introduction and the
conclusion that is a temporary
placeholder you had created.
Okay. So this is what you have built
finally and uh this is the final graph.
This is how it looks. Okay. Why is this
yellowed? Because this will be copied
multiple times. Okay. So, report plan
and this will be copied multiple times
for each section and then finally all
the sections are formatted. Basically,
they will be combined and uh the final
sections will be written parallel again.
So, this will be in parallel. That's why
you see that dotted line here and then
goes to the compilation.
Now again this is a function to wrap
this entire lang graph this entire
report builder agent I'm just wrapping
it in this okay as a agent and recussion
limit I am setting this is very very
important so I don't want infinite calls
being made so that is what the recussion
limit will take care of apart from
formatting this is just for formatting
the events so I want that every step to
be printed in the console so that is
what the event is so Every node which
gets executed is a event and for each of
them which when it goes to end I want to
display what all has happened. Okay.
So maybe I'll
stop this uh how to build AI agent
systems. Maybe we can
on the impact
of AI agents on
SAS
interfaces.
Let's see now.
Yeah. So this is the last you can run.
So don't run too many times. This might
take some time but don't run it too many
times.
So 1 2 3
4 5 six sections are
created here. And now the section web
searches are happening.
Section writing is happening.
Completed. All the section writing is
completed. Now the comp uh sorry
formatting will happen. Final section
introduction and conclusion is written.
Now the compilation will happen.
Yeah, compilation will happen and the
report is done. So yes, I've got the
introduction, AI agents, the SAS
industry, example, use cases, the
sources for each, applications of agents
in the SAS,
use cases, sources.
Pretty good challenges, risk.
Yeah. So if there are any questions, let
me know in the next class. But uh
questions cannot be please explain this
entire block once again. So for that I
as I've already said please evolve now
from those kind of questions please
evolve okay make use of chart GPD to
explain you the codes line by line okay
I can only explain the logic behind
anything not line by line codes now okay
after four five weeks into the program
now okay
so any questions
uh if you use brave search code patterns
might be different slightly because the
kind of uh uh outputs
the brave search is exposing will be
different. So we are asking them to
follow some schema although but you'll
have to see what all things brave API
exposes. So we need to check the brave
API first.
Okay. So we'll meet tomorrow and uh I
have three more projects end to end and
then we'll finish with the langraph and
next week we'll start with the
deployment okay of these agents.